Info on web apps in Cube (RN 33944) (#2880)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Getting_started/The_DataMiner_User_Interface/DataMiner_Cube/Cube_UI_components_X/DataMiner_Cube_sidebar.md

The apps button displays a list of DataMiner applications.

> Depending on the configuration and version of your DataMiner System and on the available user permissions, the list can contain the following sections:

Reviewer: configuration, version of your DataMiner System, and on the available user permissions...

Author: In this case, "configuration and version of your DataMiner System" are placed together because it is "the configuration of your DataMiner System". I'm not sure if "the configuration" on its own really makes much sense. However, if it's the two "ands" you'd like to get rid of, I could rephrase this like this:
```suggestion
Depending on the configuration and version of your DataMiner System, as well as on which user permissions you have been assigned, the list can contain the following sections:
```

- **Modules**: DataMiner modules such as [Automation](xref:automation), [Documents](xref:About_the_Documents_module), and [Trending](xref:Accessing_trend_information_from_the_Trending_module).

- **Applications**: Plug-in applications, e.g. [IDP](xref:SolIDP), [PTP](xref:SolPTP), etc.

- **Web Apps**: The [Monitoring app](xref:The_Monitoring_app_user_interface), [Dashboards app](xref:newR_D), and any available [low-code apps](xref:Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps).<!-- RN 33944 -->

- **General**: The Help, Settings, and About.

- **WFM**: Custom DataMiner WorkFlow Manager components.

- Any custom sections [configured in the DataMiner Low-Code Apps module](xref:LowCodeApps_organizing_landing_page), listing low-code apps.<!-- RN 33944 -->

> Click any item in the list to open it. If you wish to open the item in a new card, click the item while pressing the *Ctrl* key.

Reviewer: The web apps will always open in a browser tab and not in Cube.
